Basic Characteristics

Name:

Aliases:

Age:

Hair (color, length, style):

Skin:

Facial features (nose, eyes, ears, mouth, lips, teeth, cheeks, forehead, shape, chin):

Height/Weight/Build:

Birthmarks/Scars:

Deformities/Disabilities:

Family (Parents, Grandparents, Siblings, Children, Grandchildren, Aunts, Uncles, Cousins, partners):

Birthplace:

Residence(s):

Occupation:

Skills:

An Interview With Your Character

First of all, tell me about how you ended up where you are at the start of the story.

Tell me about your family. Who are they?

Which member of your family is your favorite, and why?

Which member of your family is your least favorite, and why?

Tell me about your friends.

Which friend is your favorite, and why?

Which friend is your least favorite, and why?

Who do you wish was a friend, and why?

Do you have any enemies? Tell me about them.

Who are you closest to? Why?

What or who is the greatest love of your life? Why?

What's your favorite thing to do?

What's your least favorite thing to do?

What sort of things do you do to entertain yourself?

Do you have a hobby? What is it?

What's your fondest memory of growing up?

Which memory of growing up do you wish you could erase?

Are there any smells or sounds that you associate with your childhood?

What do you do when you're angry?

What is your biggest fear? Who have you told? Who would you never tell? Why?

What secrets do you have? Can you keep them?

What makes you laugh?

Have you been in love? Who? When?

Have you had your heart broken? Who? How?

Describe your typical attire. Do you like it? Do you wish it was different?

What things would you hate to lose? What would be easiest to throw away

What do you consider to be your greatest achievement?

What is your idea of perfect happiness?

What past occupations have you had?

What is, or was, your favorite occupation?

What is your most marked characteristic?

When and where were you the happiest?

What do you most dislike?

What is your greatest success?

What is your biggest failure?

What is your greatest regret?

What talent would you most like to have? Why?

Where would you like to live? Why?

What is the quality you most admire in a man?

What is the quality you most admire in a woman?

What quality of yours do you most hate about yourself?

What quality do you most hate in others?

Who is your favorite fictional hero?

Who are your real life heroes?

When do you lie?

What pet phrases do you have?

If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?

